# This is the repository for the final project of Introduction to Research Methods, 2022/2023.

## Research Question: Has the frequency of Dutch first person singular pronouns (FPSP) (ik, mij, mijn, me) changed on Twitter as time passes?

### Topic: 

Variation of first person pronoun usage overtime.

On the surface, it is easy to say that self-centred behaviours
have become much more common in recent years (selfies, TikTok, etc.),
but is there any real truth in that?

### Significance: 

This research could shed light on changes in self-absorbed behaviours,
and the most basic way to measure this would be through the usage of
first person pronouns (particularly the singulars: ik, mij, mijn, me).

Previous research seems to have already shown that self-praising behaviours such as humblebrags have become more mainstream.
Could the frequency of FPSP shed more light on that?

### Variables:

1. Frequency of FPSP in Dutch Twitter data (dependent)
2. Year of the Tweets' writing (independent)
3. Frequency of overall pronouns as a baseline (dependent)

### Hypotheses:

1. The frequency of first person pronouns has increased, possibly because self-praising behaviours such as humblebrags have become more common.
2. The frequency of overal pronoun usage has increased as more people use Twitter for personal use, but the percentage of first person pronouns has not risen more compared to other pronouns.

### Dataset:

Dataset is obtained from the RUG Dutch Tweet database. All Tweets are taken from January 15th 2013-2023. In particular, the tenth file for each day is chosen to maintain consistency. These Tweets were pulled by hand which led to a raw dataset of 2000-3000 Tweets per year.

### Previous Research:

Previous research on the topic of self-praise (which is the most direct thing this research is attached to) has only come up in the last 5-10 years, and often focuses on the concepts of humblebrags. As far as I could find, none of the previous research has looked into the development of these behaviours overtime, however, which is what this research seeks to make a rough start in.

## General use

- The raw, unmodified dataset, pulled from the RUG database, is stored in the 'Dataset_Raw' folder.
- The working dataset, generated by create_dataset.py and its components, is stored in the 'Dataset' folder.
- Any and all Python scripts used for research, along with their dependencies and manual, are stored in the 'Scripts' folder.
